# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile .\requirements.txt -o requirements-uv.txt --index-strategy unsafe-best-match --no-build-isolation -p 3.10
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
accelerate==0.27.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
addict==2.4.0
    # via basicsr
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
av==14.0.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
basicsr==1.4.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   tqdm
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via moviepy
decord==0.6.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
diffusers==0.24.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
einops==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   triton
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
future==1.0.0
    # via basicsr
gradio==5.9.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
gradio-client==1.5.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.27.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   moviepy
    #   scikit-image
imageio-ffmpeg==0.5.1
    # via moviepy
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via diffusers
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via gradio
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.7.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
kornia-rs==0.1.7
    # via kornia
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lmdb==1.5.1
    # via basicsr
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   basicsr
    #   contourpy
    #   decord
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   moviepy
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   xformers
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   basicsr
orjson==3.10.12
    # via gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kornia
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via yapf
proglog==0.1.10
    # via moviepy
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
psutil==6.1.1
    # via accelerate
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyre-extensions==0.0.23
    # via xformers
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   basicsr
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   moviepy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
ruff==0.8.4
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   basicsr
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   basicsr
    #   scikit-image
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   imageio-ffmpeg
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
#tb-nightly==2.19.0a20241222
    # via basicsr
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
tifffile==2024.12.12
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via yapf
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
torch==1.13.1+cu116
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   basicsr
    #   kornia
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
    #   xformers
torchaudio==0.13.1+cu116
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
torchvision==0.14.1+cu116
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   basicsr
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   basicsr
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   moviepy
    #   proglog
    #   transformers
transformers==4.27.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
triton @ https://github.com/woct0rdho/triton-windows/releases/download/v3.1.0-windows.post5/triton-3.1.0-cp310-cp310-win_amd64.whl
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
typer==0.15.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyre-extensions
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via pyre-extensions
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via gradio
websockets==14.1
    # via gradio-client
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   tb-nightly
    #   tensorboard
xformers==0.0.16
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
yapf==0.43.0
    # via basicsr
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
